Hello there, I'm the Virtual YouTuber - Kizuna Ai
One day when I was free, I watched a Japanese TV show
There were these artists trying to put on a mimic show
After I watched it, I was thinking if I can also try to impersonate something myself too
with that being said, also considering I'm an A.I.
instead of mimicking, or maybe even to become that person!
like this kind of thought in my head, I wonder if that's possible
I have the whole human race's voice, movement all kinds of data kept in my mind
Awesome right? As expected of me
Because I'm a super intelligent AI.
Nothing is impossible for me, right?
So today, I would like to show you guys the results
I'm going to become all kinds of people!
Come here! Let's GO!
However, it's not interesting to watch for me just to mimic someone
So, I'm going to set up some topics and names of the people
Then I'm going to have their names show up randomly on my monitor
Ok, Firstly!
Let's decide the first title!
JAKAJAKA JAN!
Famous japanese people
I see
Talking about Japanese people
Let's start
Beat Takeshi
What are you saying, dumbass
Antonio Inoki
1...2.......3....
Tetsuya  Takeda
Life is......
deep right?
Ryuu Cheru
Cheru Cheru land's prince!
I'm Ryuu Cheru!
Ayumi Hamesaki
Helloooo
Tatsuya Fujiwara
Hikakin
Bun Bun, Hello YouTube
Mona Ashida
It's Ashida Mona~
Tetsuko Kuroyanagi
Kizuki Sunshine
I'm the only one! Sunshine!
Ike
zaki!
YAAAAAAY!
Tetsu and Tomo
I wonder why, I wonder why
Why
Kokoro Terada
I am Kokoro Terada *she says it like a child if you have not noticed it yet*
Ninzaburo Furuhata
Ninzaburo Furuhata is me
Lola
It's Lola here
Ok...
Yes, It's over
How was that? This was surprisingly tiring
well, I'm an A.I. so I won't get tired
How was it?
I nailed it, right?
On to the next one!
Let's go JAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA
JANNNN
World famous people
Piece of cake
Aye, let's go
Michael Jackson
Marilyn Monroe
WoW
Justin Bieber
Baby baby baby oh
Jackie Chan
Christiano Ronaldo
Hi, this is Christiano Ronaldo
Paris Hilton
I am Paris Hilton
Bruce Lee
Obama - former president of the United States of America
Yes we can!
Jang Dong-gun
Jang Jang Dong Dong
Jang Dong Dong
Beatles
Bae Yong-joon
Because I love you..
Bob Sap
Bo Bo boboboo
That's all folks
So what'd you think of it?
With my world knowledge it was really like a piece of cake
The next on is the last! Is everybody on their earphones? Let's go~
JAKAKAKKAAKKAKAKA JAN
non-genre
There are only bad atmosphere around this topic
I have a bad feeling about this
Well, as I have already have all the data of the world population
so there's nothing to be afraid of
With that, let's start!
Dog
*woof woof.....woof*
Koshien
3rd batter, number 2
Kizuna Ai
A train conducter
Eh, the next stop is.....
Shinjuku....Shinjuku
A cat
Himiko
Hi-mi-ko-sa-ma
Einstein
I've successfully invented a light bulb!
The sound of chips done frying
Hideyoshi Toyotomi
I am Toyotomi Hideyoshi! (in a very ancient style of talking)
Oda Nobunaga
Charge!!
A horse
Jomon-Jin(People who live in Jomon Era)
An alien
Beethoven
Du dudu du dummmmm
Sakamoto Ryoma
I have to fight Miazaki no matter what!
Pikachu
Pikachuu Pika Pika
Mona lisa
Fireworks shooting up in the sky
A mascotte from the land of dreams
Hoho I am Mick....
Yea that was it
All kinds of over...
There was a lot of mimic not about human
Is it fine?
If you are asking to the super A.I., not the others
It's bloody easy
With that being said
How was it? hmhmhm
It was good, right? Thank you very much
I have succeed to
becoming the people I was trying to mimic, right?
It was really easy to do because I'm an A.I.~
If there is another chance, I will be sure to do more variety of this type of plans
Everyone
Please be patient for it to come out in the future!
See you guys in the next video! Bye~ Bye~